Rules for Claude      Project  M77 Ag Website...



1.) Never write code until we both agree upon the need for the code.

2.) We always want to move forward in the project and not to redo over and over what has been done.

3.) Prioritize one thing at a time, do not give multiple steps at a time, I am new to coding and website building.    

4.) Keep project knowledge and chat knowledge up to date.. always assume we have worked on the issue before and we are
     progressing.     

   Priority List _
     1. connect the database and website www.m77ag.com witht the ability to login..  each type of login
         own dashboard and restricted access...    the types of logins are admin - employee - customer ( landowner, 
         commodity buyer, custom hire request)   Each one of these will only see and be able to choose options as 
         are relevant to their request.
     
     2.  Ultimately this website is going to operate under 3 principles, It will act like a calendar / journal entry 
          website for our farm.  We grow Corn, Milo, Wheat, Sorghum Sudan, Pearl Millet, Summer Fallow, and Cattle.  
          Eventually we utilize the spreadsheets provided, along with your input to answer the ultimate question.  How
          much money does it cost to raise a crop per bushel per field / cow / pound.
 
     3. We want to make sure that every page with inputing options has an AI driven portion for data base queries.. 
          example ( If I sold all of the corn I have today, how much would that be, and can I meet my financial obligations)



There is a lot that goes into the farm, lots of numbers, lots of people, lots of chaos.  This site is being designed to manage
our own farm, and our own customers.  If successful, we will look at building a customer based website in the future.  For now,
I would like for this site to be the one stop shop of everyone who is involved with our farm.  A place for everyone to login to 
and see their accounts, where they are at, and what they owe/ have coming to them like a ledger.  I would also like the ledger
to be able to go back years as we add more and more information into the data base so we can see over time how we have done.
   I would also like the database to be robust and able to interpret data and requests.

Ultimately, I would like to inpute either a picture, an email, text, of any and all documents related to the farm, and for the site 
exrapolate the data and add the information to correct parts of the database, always ask for confirmation before committing to the database.
When we export the checking information, settlement sheets, scale tickets, invoices, bills, utilities.



Basic Structure.

Administration 
    
   With a lot to think about running a farm there are some major factors that go into it.  

                  A.) Crops
                        Planning, growing, inputs, harvest, selling always in goal of cost per bushel.
                  B.) Financial and Cash Flow  (To replace Quickbooks)
                       Current and Long Term Assets
                       Current and Long Term Debt 
                  C.)Assets
                     Current Assets
                     Long Term Assets
    
                  D.) Equipment. 
                       Always having the loan information / pay off date and always scraping the web for 
                        current sales pricings to keep an accurate view of where stand.
                  E.) Cattle
                     Able to track all expenses and income to keep cattle as a profitable enterprise
                  F.)Insurance
                  G.) Personal
                  E.) Employees  wages, what they can input
                  F.) Landowners, contracts, ledgers
                  C.) Custom Work and Equipment Rental			



M77-Ag/
├── docs/
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── calculator.html
│   ├── account/
│   │   ├── login.html
│   │   └── register.html
│   ├── admin/
│   │   ├── dashboard.html
│   │   ├── chemicals.html
│   │   ├── proposals.html
│   │   ├── js/
│   │   │   ├── auth.js
│   │   │   └── dashboard.js
│   │   └── styles/
│   └── assets/
│       └── js/
│           ├── auth.js
│           └── login.js
│
├── server/
│   ├── server.js
│   ├── controllers/
│   │   ├── analyticsController.js
│   │   ├── authController.js
│   │   ├── chemicalController.js
│   │   ├── customerController.js
│   │   ├── farmController.js
│   │   ├── orderController.js
│   │   ├── programController.js
│   │   └── proposalController.js
│   ├── databases/
│   │   └── farming_proposals.db.backup
│   ├── middleware/
│   │   └── auth.js
│   ├── models/
│   │   ├── database.js
│   │   ├── proposal.js
│   │   └── user.js
│   └── routes/
│       ├── api.js
│       ├── auth.js
│       └── proposals.js
│
├── node_modules/
├── .env
├── .gitattributes
├── directory_structure.txt
├── Dockerfile
├── package.json
├── package-lock.json
└── project_structure.txt